docs(adr): add ADR for dispatch version-skew resolution (#2453)
konflux-ci/fullsend: docs/ADRs/0058-dispatch-version-skew.md

---
title: "58. Resolving per-repo dispatch version skew"
status: Accepted

> relates_to: []

Reviewer: **MEDIUM — Empty `relates_to`.** Every other dispatch-related ADR (0026, 0034, 0041, 0044) uses `relates_to: [agent-infrastructure]`. This ADR modifies how workflows are structured and dispatched — squarely within that problem space.

```suggestion
relates_to:
  - agent-infrastructure
```

Author: Fixed — set `relates_to: [agent-infrastructure]`.

3. Update default values for `fullsend_version`, etc.
4. Commit, tag the branch with `vX.Y.Z` and `latest`.

**Rejected** Introduces significant repository-level complexity.

### D. Merge stage workflows into dispatch

Inline all six stage workflows as conditional jobs directly inside
`reusable-dispatch.yml`. The `uses:` lines to stage workflows disappear
entirely.

This impacts per-org mode as its workflows reference directly `reusable-<stage>.yml`.

**Accepted** Removes the problem completely at the cost of a large file. This file
can be eventually simplified to make it easier to handle.

## Decision

The decision is to merge the stage workflows into the dispatch workflow to avoid the
version skew it introduced in the first place.

However as per-org mode is deprecated (see ADR 44),
`reusable-<stage>.yml` will be kept to allow per-org mode continue to work. When
per-org mode is removed, then `reusable-<stage>.yml` files will be removed. During
the deprecation period `reusable-<stage>.yml` file need to be in sync
with the merged `reusable-triage.yml`.

## Implementation

See [merge-stage-workflows plan](../plans/merge-stage-workflows.md).

## Consequences

> * `reusable-<stage>.yml` workflows are merged (and deleted) into `reusable-dispatch.yml`.

Reviewer: **HIGH — Contradiction with Decision section.** The Decision (lines 76–83) explicitly states `reusable-<stage>.yml` "will be kept" for per-org backward compat during the deprecation period. But this consequence says "(and deleted)".

The stage logic is inlined into `reusable-dispatch.yml`, but the standalone files are retained until per-org mode is removed per ADR 44. Remove the "(and deleted)" parenthetical:

```suggestion
* `reusable-<stage>.yml` stage logic is inlined into `reusable-dispatch.yml`; standalone files are retained until per-org mode is removed per ADR 44.
```

Author: Fixed — reworded to: 'stage logic is inlined into reusable-dispatch.yml; standalone files are retained until per-org mode is removed per ADR 44.'
